and Santa cream whoa
Santa Cruz California if the goldfields
this is the 1966 brand Tarkington joint
it's a whole lot different from I think
it's a 75 that's out there that's free
print or he pressed on this one doubles
see the person's a little bit different
nothing on the back yummy
jock tag
the double double stitched on the
numbers here and then here it's all into
the fabric it's good to add a trail I'll
give you guys a close-up later
dr. Mitchell ness cap I mean the
old-school style
reduce more excuses go ahead pan around
here shout out to my man resurrection I
know he like 15 minutes from this spot
out there in San Jose this West Coast
what's up YouTube you know I'm a miss
Manny right now I'm a little bit off the
vacation tip and stuff like that so I
can show you my Jersey look good more in
detail today I'm rocking the Mitchell
Ness
Warren move 35th anniversary Vikings
join with the nice patch opposite side
that's right here with national missile
and that's Captain but want to get into
the the Fran Tarkenton Mitchell NS 1966
join the only reason you can tell the
difference between the front exactly get
some letters are smaller on the front
the back letters are double-stitched
very simple jersey very simple concept I
love the purple on this thing it's a
solid mesh my only well let me tell you
about the strikes first strikes are part
of the fabric kind of like see if we
have like a gem brown or something like
that same type of concept double
stitched on the numbers right there
close up on the jock tag if you're
huntin for one of these so my only
advice for these if you're looking for
an authentic or like this you're gonna
just pay some money for them because if
you see a Fran Tarkenton and it's
authentic and it's cheap chances are
that it's a favor because this is a
sought-after jersey and it's an old
jersey and it seems like there wasn't a
lot of these you know that are left so
when these get on eBay the bidding just
goes through the roof so I got this one
for a pretty good deal you know I mean
and this was my number one Jersey and I
love it it's a main Korea and this is a
52 and it is pretty big as you guys can
see on the video of me
it's a 52 and it's it's it's hanging you
know a beautiful cut on this I love it
but it should man a rock
nothing's gonna change you know I mean
keep dropping them videos loose to grief
you want to come in and see the shot you
know you ain't said nothing
not me yeah please now